Keep develop in sync with main (#221)
samply/bridgehead: kr/modules/exporter.md

# Exporter and Reporter

## Exporter
The exporter is a REST API that exports the data of the different databases of the bridgehead in a set of tables.

> It can accept different output formats as CSV, Excel, JSON or XML. It can also export data into Opal.

Author: ```suggestion
It can create different output formats such as CSV, Excel, JSON or XML. It can also export data into [Opal](https://opaldoc.obiba.org/).
```
